Update HTML Editor docs missed in PR #1979 (#1990)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/_hidden/dxHtmlEditorToolbar/items/items.md

    @(Html.DevExtreme().HtmlEditor()
        .Toolbar(t => t
            .Items(i => {
                i.Add().Name("bold");
                i.Add().Name("italic");
                i.Add().Name("alignCenter");
                i.Add().Name("undo");
                i.Add().Name("redo");
            })
        )
    )

---

> Most of the predefined items are buttons. To customize a button, assign its name to the [name](/api-reference/_hidden/dxHtmlEditorToolbarItem/name.md) property and specify the [button options](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxButton/1%20Configuration '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/') in the [options](/api-reference/_hidden/dxHtmlEditorToolbar/items/options.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/toolbar/items/#options') object: 

Reviewer: Never ever edit md links by hand. They are automatically generated from URLs.

```suggestion
Most of the predefined items are buttons. To customize a button, assign its name to the [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/toolbar/items/#name) property and specify the [button options](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxButton/1%20Configuration '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/') in the [options](/api-reference/_hidden/dxHtmlEditorToolbar/items/options.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/toolbar/items/#options') object: 
```

To use another UI component instead of a button, specify the [widget](/api-reference/_hidden/dxHtmlEditorToolbarItem/widget.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/toolbar/items/#widget') property and configure the UI component in the [options](/api-reference/_hidden/dxHtmlEditorToolbar/items/options.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/toolbar/items/#options') object. In this case, you should also implement all the logic. 

> The toolbar provides a short syntax for implementing a custom drop-down menu with multiple choices. Refer to the [name](/api-reference/_hidden/dxHtmlEditorToolbarItem/name.md) description for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The toolbar provides a short syntax for implementing a custom drop-down menu with multiple choices. Refer to the [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/toolbar/items/#name) description for more information.
```
